For single-site sequence recovery, 63,824 protein core residues, 3,981 
protein-protein interface residues, and 2,071 protein-ligand interface residues 
are collected from the datasets described above (for instance, protein-protein 
interfaces from protein-protein docking validation set and so on). Single-site 
recovery is carried out by mutating each position to all 20 amino acids, 
re-optimizing all residues in an 8 Å neighborhood, and evaluating resulting 
energies. The full-design test is carried out on a Rosetta standard sequence 
recovery dataset (27) using Rosetta fixed-backbone design application.

For the weighted evaluation of sequence recovery, we introduce entropy-
weighted profile recovery metric:

Entropy-weighted profile recovery at a site = Σ P_i f_i / Σ P_i
P_i = exp( −(E_i − E_min ) / k_b T )

Here, i is an amino acid index; f i is fractional frequency of an amino acid i observed from
the sequence profile generated by PSI-BLAST (6); E min is the minimum energy among
€
20 amino acids at the site. k b T is set to 0.5. This metric offers several distinct
advantages over sequence recovery: it takes into account of all amino acids tolerated at
a particular position for a given fold, and the maximum value for a single position is
greater at highly-converged positions. Thus, the metric puts more importance to sites
where sequence is well conserved, which is why it is referred to as “entropy-weighted”.
The values are reported for design tests in Table 1.

Hi Kale,

Sorry for late response. Please check attached files. The zipped file contains 
dataset in which you can find:

1) *.resfile, entries of single-site sequence recovery test marked as "ALLAA", 
   and the rest of residues (i.e fixed sequence) as "NATAA".  In total, you 
   will get 3839 sites for the test. Please note that it's really up to you how 
   to assign movemap -- just for reference, I allowed all the sidechains to 
   move within CB-CB distance 8 Ang to the site of interest. 
2) *.pssm, PSSM file I used to check profile recovery
3) *.pdb, input pdb
4) *.fasta

Also an example xml file is attached. For analysis, I took the sequence 
identity with lowest energy from the output scorefile. Hope everything is 
clear; let me know if you have question.

Hahnbeom
